Add information on specifying hostnames for multiple instances (#514)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/admin.rst

  HTTP/1.1 200 OK

> If you are using multiple network interfaces, you need to specify a unique :ref:`hostname <server-host>` in the configuration of each PostgREST instance, this way the admin app can identify the the main app instance correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a machine with multiple network interfaces and multiple PostgREST instances, you need to specify a unique :ref:`hostname <server-host>` in the configuration of each PostgREST instance for the health check to work correctly. Don't use the special values(``!4``, ``*``, etc) in this case because the health check could report a false positive.
```
